c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\VK Api Tests.exe.config
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\VK Api Tests.exe
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\VK Api Tests.pdb
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK_Api_Tests.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests.exe
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests.pdb
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\VK Api Tests.g.resources
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\CaptchaWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\CaptchaWindow.baml
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\PromptDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\master\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\VK Api Tests\VK Api Tests\obj\Debug\PromptDialog.baml
